Aflores plymouth (#234)
osisoft/Edge-Data-Store-Docs: content/configuration/eds-configuration.md

# Edge Data Store configuration

Edge Data Store requires configuration, which can be performed either for each individual component or for the system as a whole. Use the following procedures to configure Edge Data Store as a whole system with either a minimum or a maximum configuration.

## Configure minimum Edge Data Store

> The following JSON file represents minimal configuration of an Edge Data Store. There are no Modbus TCP EDS adapter or OPC UA EDS adapter components, and the Storage component configurations are set to the default. If you configure a system with this JSON file, any existing Modbus TCP EDS adapter or OPC UA EDS adapter components will be disabled and removed. No storage data will be deleted or modified, and OMF and SDS data access will not be impacted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following JSON file represents the minimal configuration of an Edge Data Store. There are no Modbus TCP EDS adapter or OPC UA EDS adapter components and the Storage component configurations are set to the default. If you configure a system with this JSON file, any existing Modbus TCP EDS adapter or OPC UA EDS adapter components are disabled and removed. No storage data is deleted or modified and OMF and SDS data access is not impacted.
```

1. Save or copy the example JSON in a file named `EdgeMinimumConfiguration.json` in any directory on a device with Edge Data Store installed.

> 1. Run the following curl command from the directory where the file is located:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the following `curl` command from the directory where the file is located:
```

                "ingressDebugExpiration": "0001-01-01T00:00:00",
                "checkpointRateInSec": 30,
                "transactionLogLimitMB": 250,
                "enableMetrics": false
            },
            "Logging": {
                "logLevel": "Information",
                "logFileSizeLimitBytes": 34636833,
                "logFileCountLimit": 31
            }
        },
        "System": {
            "Logging": {
                "logLevel": "Information",
                "logFileSizeLimitBytes": 34636833,
                "logFileCountLimit": 31
            },
            "HealthEndpoints": [],
            "Components": [
                {
                    "componentId": "Storage",
                    "componentType": "Storage"
                }
            ],
            "Buffering": {
                "bufferLocation": "C:/ProgramData/OSIsoft/EdgeDataStore/Buffers",
                "maxBufferSizeMB": 1024,
                "enablePersistentBuffering": true
            },
            "General": {
                "enableDiagnostics": true,
                "metadataLevel": "Medium",
                "healthPrefix": null
            }
        }
    }
  ```

> This example results in a minimal configuration of Edge Data Store. It only supports OMF and SDS operations using REST. No egress is configured, so no data will be sent to either AVEVA Data Hub or PI Web API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example results in a minimal configuration of Edge Data Store. It only supports OMF and SDS operations using REST. No egress is configured, so no data is sent to either AVEVA Data Hub or PI Web API.
```
